well call share ivan hello
Bitch you until such a city from where
you play on cellulite is further with us
on advance even on which server
play in general
Oscar took from parents
wrote a complaint to the guardian
Now you get to know people generally only
Allah, what is the level of our main
the server is just sitting on this one
force on the server which tellurium and not
problems like
you see
she is equal to p dad you do not sit yes in public
orban
fine so here is shorter
tell me a little about yes yes yes
friends you study work
why do you want to become
admin on our project what are you
specifically add what loop heard on
this shit server advance hack the beam
form all
here
but that's not it not necessarily looking at
something to watch for get or for gas
what server organization
now still in admins
now call this mister two
servers, wait a second
wait a second crazy and yes now in
minute minute to great photos
study de connected no green rain
body here dance great that there considering he
talked about a friend of some kind left
just wanted a novelty with this in the mail and
not just listened not to be done
prs someone else will have a smart question
who is not oh no nobody let us now
think there in ten minutes I
I think we think you are on the server macro
violence and put a plus but we will call you back
now a few more calls
skype
allow me no too